Previously on 90210:
I will be going
to California University.
CU isn't going to happen.
So you're going to focus
on the S.A.T.s?
Yeah... no, I'm gonna date
the dean's son.
Are you Richard?
Naomi.
I'm Jamie, by the way.
Hey, there you are.
Jamie, this is...
My roommate Richard.
I wish you weren't dating
Richard because I...
I really want to kiss you.
You can go home, Marilyn.
My date's arrived.
I want the same stuff
I got last time.
Navid Shirazi told me that
you were a drug dealer.
What?
I am not a drug dealer,
but if I was,
I wouldn't be
the kind of guy
you want to mess
with, would I?
Jasper?
Yeah?
I love you.
And I want my first
time to be with you.
Mom, time to wake up.
Mom?!
Uh, yeah, I need an ambulance.
What do we have?
60-year-old
female found unconscious
in her home.
Status-- post
cardiac arrest.
BP's 110/70.
Medications?
We gave her
one milligram
of epinephrine.
She's on Bactrim
and gabapentin.
Where are you taking her?!
I need you to wait
in the lobby.
We'll find you
when there's news.
(gasping)
Navid!
Oh, hey, I was texting you.
Oh, good. Well, me first.
I am here to rescue your little
news broadcast thingy.
I'm going to join.
Naomi...
Come on, I just want
to pad my resume
with some
extracurriculars, okay?
No, you're just going to flake
whenever there's any
actual work to do.
Now, look...
Please, Navid,
I really have to get into CU.
Please, please,
please, please.
Pretty, pretty,
pretty please.
I'm going to keep begging until
you say yes. Please, please...
Okay, all right,
all right, fine.
Yay. Okay, I know exactly what
my segment's going to be called.
You're not getting a segment.
Clark After Dark.
I'll give people sex advice.
No.
Okay, listen, I'm
getting a bunch
of new high-def
video mixers,
and you can help
me unpack those.
Ex-squeeze me?
Well, if you're serious
about the Blaze,
you can meet me here
tomorrow by 6:00.
Uh, can I talk now?
Mm.
I have something, um...
very important to tell you.
This better not be
some lame hazing ritual.
No, it's about Adrianna.
I think she's
back on drugs.
What?
Of course I'm not on drugs.
Okay, I've been clean for
so long, you know that.
Okay.
Why would Navid say it
if it weren't true?
I don't know.
You know, things have been
pretty bad with us lately.
Maybe he's mad because
I've moved on since the breakup.
You have to believe me,
I'm clean.
Look, Ade,
I want to believe you,
I really do,
but you've lied to me
about this before.
Yeah, well, I'm not lying now.
Okay, do you remember what
I was like when I was on coke?
Am I acting anything
like that right now?
No... you're not.
Exactly.
Okay, I'm going
to talk to Navid
and I'm going to get
to the bottom of it.
Okay?
How is she? Is she okay?
I don't... I don't know,
I don't know.
When I... when I
woke up this morning,
she wasn't breathing,
so I called 911.
They said that she was
in cardiac arrest.
But they gave her CPR
and her heart started beating
again in the ambulance,
but she's been in there
for over an hour.
Hey, hey, everything's
going to be okay.
No, it's not!
You don't know how
sick she's been.
Look, I know that
she has cancer, but...
it... it wasn't supposed
to happen like this.
Okay.
DOCTOR: Thank you
for being so patient.
Are you a relative?
Yeah. We're her daughters.
Well, your mother suffered
a cardiac arrest.
And I afraid with
the chemotherapy treatments,
she's...
she's too weak
to fight much longer.
She's conscious now. It would be
a good time to see her.
Aren't you coming?
No, I can't.
Kelly...
Just go.
I'm sure she'll be happy
to see you.
DOCTOR:
Is anybody coming?
Yeah, I am.
"...remedy for..."
Plural.
So that'd be plural then?
Yeah, I think so.
Morning, Dixon.
I'm getting a ride
from Liam.
Do you want any breakfast?
Hey, he'll get over
it sooner or later.
Morning.
Well, you're
in a good mood.
Things are good.
Well, can we get
some details?
Dirty deets, as
the kids say?
Seriously, Dad?
Regular details
would be just fine.
Well, actually, I've kind
of been seeing someone.
Who's the lucky guy?
His name is Jasper.
Go to West Bev?
Yes.
What's he like?
He's amazing.
Um, he's a filmmaker,
but more like a genius.
I will check his transcripts
just to be sure.
So can we meet
him sometime?
Yeah. Um, actually, I was hoping
that maybe he could
come over for dinner?
Sure. That's a great idea.
How about tomorrow night?
Perfect.
HARRY: Shouldn't you be
getting to school?
First period.
study hall.
It's Friday, remember?
Dirty deets?
That's what they
say, you know?
I can't believe
she's seeing someone.
I can't believe she's
actually telling us about it.
How did it go?
Shh.
You're coming over
tomorrow night.
(knocking on door)
Um, hey, do you think Jasper
would like chicken tarragon
or mahi mahi for dinner?
Uh, mahi mahi.
You got it.
I can't wait to meet him.
Yeah.
Okay.
Mahi mahi, eh?
Shh.
Look, should I come in
through the window for dinner,
or should I use the front door?
Hey, um, Ivy's mom has
a recording studio, right?
Oh, are you finally gonna make
an album as DJ Mr. Big Dix?
(laughing)
No, dude, it's D-I-X.
Anyway, all right,
what I was trying to say
was maybe we could use
that studio to, uh,
bring down Naomi's sister.
Hmm?
Okay.
Well, all right, look,
all we have to do is
get Ivy to say exactly
what Jen said in that recording
that you deleted, right?
Mix it down so it
sounds like Jen--
boom, and let Naomi hear it.
Okay, look, I know
you're just trying
to help and everything,
but, dude...
Mix it down a little bit
so it sounds like... Jen.
What's up?
You guys figure
anything out yet?
Oh, we figured out
DJ Mr. Big Dix is a big moron.
Hey, dude, you're the one
who deleted the recording
in the first place.
Well, that would make you both
morons then, wouldn't it?
DJ Mr. Big Dix? Really?
No, it's...
I have a better idea.
How about you guys
come by the media lab
and help me unpack
some video mixers?
IVY:
Oh, dude.
Yay.
Dinner on me.
Anytime, anywhere.
Including and limited to
In-N-Out Burger.
What do you say?
LIAM: Fine.
IVY: Sure.
Hey, Dixon, you in?
DIXON:
I don't know, man.
She's been spending a lot
of time with that freak.
Yeah, I'd keep an eye
on him, man.
I saw that dude
dealing drugs.
Let's go.
(sultry voice): Hello, and
welcome to Clark After Dark.
Today we're here to talk
about all the best ways
to make a woman reach ecstasy.
Oh, we have our first caller.
Hello. You're on with Naomi.
Hi. I need some advice.
You see, I'm dating
this wonderful girl,
and I just...
I want to do filthy,
terrible things to her.
What exactly did
you have in mind?
Hi.
(phone vibrating)
Oh.
Oh, my new boss at the Blaze.
Ignore.
Why is he calling you
on the weekend?
Because I have to go
there tomorrow at 6:00
and unpack some crap.
I think Katie Couric got her
start unpacking crap.
Oh, ha-ha.
Hey.
Um, I thought you were going
to your parents' house.
I just forgot my laptop.
Hello, Jamie.
Hey, hey, Dean Carter.
This is
Richard's mom.
This is Naomi Clark.
The girl who was
supposed to be
Richard's date
for my cocktail party.
Um, kind of.
And now you're
with Jamie.
Classy.
Can we go now?
So after the Bonhams
and Butterfields auction
we have a table
at Entitlement.
Is that another night club?
The name's ironic,
obviously.
We'll be sitting with a
South American coffee magnate,
Manuel Fonseca Veloso de...
You don't speak
Portuguese, do you?
Uh, no.
"Nao."
And tomorrow night is
the benefit concert...
Yeah, who does that benefit,
again?
I forget.
Either a village in Africa
or a degenerative
spine disease.
(sighs)
Is something wrong?
Uh, no, everything
is, uh, fine.
I'm looking forward to...
all of it.
But?
It's just that, uh,
we've been spending
a lot of time in your world
and it's been fun, you know,
but I just someday would like
to show you my world.
Right. I'm a
West Beverly alumni.
I know everything
about your world.
I was thinking more along
the lines of planning a weekend.
Maybe even this one.
What exactly do
you have in mind?
What about camping?
You know, we could
go up to Los Padres
and we could do
a little hiking
and we could sleep out
under the stars.
You know, enjoy the peace
and the quiet and each other.
Well, it does sound romantic.
I'd love to.
Really?
Really.
Yeah, it sounds, um, great.
What's the matter, babe?
Forget it. Just go back
to your carbo loading.
Naomi, what's wrong?
You said Richard
wouldn't be here.
Are you still caught up on that?
He knows that we're dating.
We-we can't avoid him forever.
It's not Richard
I care about.
(chuckles):
Then who? His mom?
I just can't believe you didn't
tell me they were coming.
I didn't know they were coming.
And why-why do you care
what she thinks, anyway?
I don't.
What do you think
she thinks?
(laughs):
Mm, I don't know.
She probably hates you.
Well, great.
That's awesome.
Why is this such a big deal?
You didn't even
like Richard anyway.
She's the freaking dean
of admissions, Jamie.
Is that... is that why
you were dating Richard?
To get to his-his mom?
Of course not.
Then why were you dating him?
Wait, so you were
just using him?
Naomi, how could you
treat someone like that?
Oh, like you're so noble.
You stole me away
from your own roommate.
Uh, at least that was based on
something honest.
Look, Jamie, I'm sorry.
I just wanted to give myself
the best possible shot
of getting into this school.
Because my dream was
to always meet
someone like you.
And now I have.
I realize I made a mistake.
Can we just move on?
Please?
I don't... I don't think
you even get it, do you?
Richard has been
beating himself up for weeks,
wondering what he did
to screw things up
with you.
You're a user.
And I don't want
to see you anymore.
This week on the Blaze,
we'll have an exclusive
interview with Mr. Lichtenstein
about his lifelong battle
with hypoglycemia.
God, even I'm bored
by that promo.
(chuckles)
Maybe I should let
Naomi do the sex show.
What?
No, I mean...
Why did you tell Naomi
I was using?
Um, I'm gonna go away from here.
I saw you, Ade.
I saw you buying
drugs from Jasper.
I wasn't buying drugs.
Then what was he
doing walking out of
your car with
a wad of cash?
Navid, why are you doing this?
Because I care about you.
Okay, well, I'm not using.
No, you clearly are.
When we broke up, you
were totally devastated.
You were sleeping in
all day, crying,
uh, singing me
love songs.
And then I see you
walking around school
with the girls
and you're perfectly fine?
Yeah, I am.
You know why?
Because you really weren't
that hard to get over.
I'm sorry, but it's true.
The more I thought
about things,
the more I realized that we were
only together
because I needed you.
And that's not love.
So, yeah, I do feel
completely different.
It has nothing to do with drugs.
I guess I was never
really in love with you.
Wow, what is all this?
I stopped at the
Beverly Center
for some wilderness
accoutrements.
Oh, be warned though,
I bought a knife
so powerful that I could
butterfly you in 15 minutes.
Interesting.
Oh, that is an
air mattress.
King size when inflated.
But don't worry,
I bought a pump.
What else do you have in here?
Oh, just a few, you
know, small necessities:
a portable GPS,
a Burberry
raincoat, a...
Jen, Jen, we can't bring
all this stuff.
All right, the beauty of camping
is that we don't need much.
All right? Listen,
you don't have to worry,
'cause you're gonna
be comfortable. Trust me.
Well, what about
the fondue set?
I think we can
manage without it.
Do you want to help me
bring this stuff inside?
(door closes)
Morning.
Hey.
Just the way
you like it.
No cream, no sugar.
Ah, thank you.
(sighs)
Thank you for
everything.
For staying late
at the hospital
and driving
me home.
I'm glad you decided
to stay here.
Are you hungry?
You want me to make you
some eggs or something?
You always take such
good care of me, Kelly.
Sometimes I...
I worry that no one's
looking after you.
Oh, I can take care of myself.
See? One cream, two sugars.
Just the way I like it.
I really think that
you should go see Mom.
You're gonna regret it if
you don't say good-bye.
Silver, no.
Mom and I really don't have
a relationship anymore.
And I'm okay with that.
That's what I used
to think, too.
I can't tell you how much better
I felt since we reconnected.
And I'm glad you did.
But it's different
with her and me.
How is it different?
Um, because I have
20 more years
of bad memories than you.
And I'm not talking about
just, you know,
your run-of-the-mill,
falling down drunk memories.
I'm talking about a lifetime
of never being good enough.
She's different now.
I mean, she's sober.
(chuckles)
Well, her sober
wasn't much better for me.
When she was sober,
she'd remember to give me
my diet pills
and make my nose job appointment
and remind me of what a colossal
disappointment I was.
So you know what?
I got the message,
loud and clear.
Kelly, you have to forgive her.
For your own sake.
No, I don't.
Look, I'm happy to
pick you up at the hospital,
drop you off, whatever you need.
But that's it.
Um, Jamie's at
football practice.
I came to see you.
Can I come in?
I need to apologize to you.
For a lot.
It's fine.
You liked Jamie more;
it happens.
I was just surprised, you know?
I thought you and I
were really connecting.
Richard, I was dishonest
with you from the start.
I'm not really into
the whole environment thing.
Watching that movie
on industrial meat production
just gave me
a craving for Kobe sliders.
Why didn't you say something?
Because... I wanted to date you.
But... the whole reason
I wanted to date you,
the reason I hired you
as my tutor even,
was so I could meet your mom.
I'm sorry, what?
I've always wanted to go to CU.
And I guess I thought
if I dated the dean's son,
then that would guarantee
that I'd get in.
I-I'm really sorry.
I realize how awful that is.
What were you, um,
planning to do?
Just lead me on until
you got your acceptance letter?
I would take it all back
if I could.
Stop.
Just... stop.
ANNIE:
Okay.
Uh, so, Dad, you are not gonna
tell any stupid jokes
during dinner.
When you say "stupid," you
mean "hilarious," right?
I mean, no telling Jasper
you're gonna check
his transcript or whatever.
Ah, don't worry.
I already
checked it.
Okay, crudités
and my famous dip.
So, you guys know that,
you know,
Jasper's the one
wanting to set all this up.
He's been wanting
to meet you guys real bad.
Hmm, you may have
mentioned that once or twice.
Yeah, and you're gonna love him.
He's so sweet and sensitive,
you know, not like all those
typical high school boys.
Well, we look forward
to meeting him.
Hey, is that what
you're wearing to dinner?
No, this is what I'm wearing
to help Navid move
some stuff into the Blaze.
Can that wait
until later?
I was hoping you
could join us.
This dinner's important
to your sister.
(scoffs)
What's your problem?
Nothing. I just don't
want to have dinner
with your weirdo boyfriend.
Yeah, well, at least he's not
some 40-year-old psycho.
Well, at least Sasha
wasn't a drug dealer.
Jasper is not a drug dealer!
Well, that's what Navid told me.
ANNIE:
No, look, Navid doesn't know
what he's talking
about, okay?
(doorbell rings)
Enjoy your dinner.
Hey, Dixon.
Um, Mom, Dad,
this is Jasper.
Isn't it nice to get out of
Beverly Hills for a change?
Mm, I'm just glad your
idea of roughing it
includes a bottle
of Pinot Grigio.
What'd you expect,
a jar of moonshine?
We're campers, not savages.
(clears throat)
What are you doing
with my New York Times?
Starting a fire.
Don't worry, I didn't
touch the Style section.
(sighs)
Is that thunder?
Ryan.
Did you check the weather?
Not exactly.
Well, it never rains in L.A.
Yeah, apparently it does.
I'm so happy
I wore my suede boots.
What do you want me to do?
Well, obviously there's
nothing you can do!
(grunts)
Just, uh, pull the...
Give it a... Yeah, that's...
Okay.
This is going well.
Okay, what about this?
All you have to do
is get Naomi's sister
alone in her bedroom.
You know, seduce her.
Get her to admit that she
slept with you on prom night.
Meanwhile...
Navid.
No, you hide Naomi
behind a curtain
until she hears everything,
just like Polonius in Hamlet,
my friend.
Doesn't Polonius get stabbed?
Whoa! Spoiler.
I haven't even started
my English homework.
Guys, I'm not
seducing Jen.
That is the worst idea
we've had yet.
Dude, it's a brilliant idea.
Maybe we should
just forget about
the whole thing.
Whoa, whoa!
You're not giving up, are you?
I don't know, maybe.
Come on, Hamlet.
We'll figure something out.
Yeah, dude, we'll figure
something out.
The dip, it was excellent,
Mrs. Wilson.
(sighs):
Thanks.
So... (laughs)
Oh, um, I haven't
told you guys, I don't think,
but Jasper and I are
working on a film together.
Wow, that's great.
Uh, sweetie, could you
hand me a napkin?
DEBBIE:
Yeah, there you go.
Yeah, I-I-I've seen
some of the footage,
and it's gorgeous.
He's a genius.
Annie's my inspiration.
Jasper, what else do you
do besides filmmaking?
Uh...
not a whole lot.
And who are your friends
at West Bev?
Well, it's... pretty
much just Annie.
Yeah, 'cause the kids
at West Bev suck.
All right, they're all
lemmings and-and
spoiled brats.
All right? We don't want
to be friends with them.
Annie.
Come on, they're
not all bad.
Just because you
had a falling-out
with your friends
doesn't...
Okay. Those people
were never
my friends.
Annie, look at me.
We talked about this,
right, and we just got
to forget about it, babe.
I know. I know.
You're right.
(quietly):
Sorry.
JASPER: It's okay.
You're right.
Well, I bet dinner is
almost ready-- I'm
gonna check on that.
Oh, no, no, please.
You sit, we-we've
got this,
thank you.
(sighs)
I feel like I'm
totally blowing it.
Did I do
something wrong?
No. No, you are...
you're perfect.
It's them.
Look, um, right
before you got here,
Dixon told them
that stupid rumor
about you being
a drug dealer or whatever.
DEBBIE:
Dinner's ready.
Doesn't really matter.
I hope you like
mahi mahi.
Look, I know that you think
I'm a drug dealer.
It's not true.
W-Well, obviously.
It's been hard for me
to fit in at West Bev.
I mean, people, they're
always talking about
me behind my back,
and I never... used to care
what anyone
even thought about me.
But now... that I'm with Annie,
I mean, everything
has changed.
'Cause when I'm with her,
I feel like
I have a place in the world.
I care about her so
much, and I just know
that if you...
just give me a chance,
you'll see that all I want is
what's best for your daughter.
Well, I'm glad
to hear you say that,
because that's all
that we want, too.
Great.
All right, why don't
you try some of that. Here.
Sounds good.
Annie?
Yes, please!
Dig in.
(sighs):
Navid, I'm here
to unpack your crap.
Hey,
could you give
me a hand?
Please, I'm gonna drop it.
Okay.
All right, um,
let's just set it
over there. All right.
Oh!
Oh, God!
(groans)
Thanks.
I tried to find
the crushed ice.
All they had
was cubed.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
What?
If I could take back what
happened last year, I would.
I think about it
every single day.
Well, well, well,
she finally showed up.
(chuckles)
Oh, uh,
I'm sorry, I, uh...
Let's get back
to work, huh?
Yeah, uh,
let's get back to work.
(clears throat)
KELLY:
Hey, Silver.
It's your ride calling.
I was waiting outside for you;
you never came out.
So now I'm here in the hall
outside Mom's room.
Only I don't see you
anywhere, so...
hope everything's okay.
Call me when you get this--
or just come find me.
Okay.
What-what happened?
Where is she?
I just clean the room.
(exhales)
Great. So,
can we go home now?
It'll let up soon.
Oh, come on,
the car's all packed up.
(laughs):
Let's... cut
our losses here.
(sighs):
Wow.
(chuckles)
This was clearly
a huge mistake.
What are you
talking about?
Oh, I don't know,
I just thought maybe once
we could do something
that I wanted to do
instead of always doing
what you want to do,
but I guess I'm the one
who makes sacrifices
in the relationship.
Sacrifices?
What, you don't enjoy...
The extravagant auctions,
the, uh, lavish night clubs,
the charities where
people don't even know
what charity
they're supporting?
No, actually, I don't.
But I go, anyways.
You know, and I let you tell
me who I have to impress,
and squeeze my elbow whenever
I do something wrong,
which is all the time.
I walk around on egg
shells, and it's not fun.
But I put up with it...
because it's what
you want to do.
(sighs):
I...
I had no idea.
I thought you were
enjoying yourself.
Yeah, I know you did.
Oh.
Look, we can't drive
down the mountain
in this weather,
all right?
As soon as it lets up,
I'll take you home.
Kelly?
You okay?
(crying):
Yeah, you were right.
You said I should say
good-bye, and I didn't.
Now it's too late.
No, it... it's not too late.
(sniffles):
What?
No, they... they moved
her to a private room.
You still have time
to say good-bye.
(exhales)
Okay.
(sniffles)
ANNIE (sighs):
Okay,
so I-I know that the first
half of that was kind
of totally unbearable,
and maybe we did need
one of dad's corny jokes
to break the ice,
but I think it really
turned around when
we started the fish.
Which was delicious,
by the way.
And I want
to thank you both so much
for just, you know,
listening to Jasper
and giving him a second chance.
What?
Annie, we don't think
you should see
Jasper anymore.
Y-You don't think I should?
No.
I know
you're upset,
but we're doing
what's best for you.
Is this because
of that stupid rumor?
Obviously,
that concerns us.
We know Navid;
we trust him.
But it's a lie!
No, it's more
than the rumor.
Jasper is... odd.
How can you say that?
You don't even know him.
He doesn't have
any friends.
Yeah, because the kids
at are school suck!
(quietly):
Oh, Annie.
Annie, you are
not yourself
around him.
You're not a... a loner
or an outcast.
You have no idea
who I am anymore!
Hi, Kel.
Hi, Mom.
I'm so glad you came.
Sorry it took
me so long.
You shouldn't
apologize.
I'm the one who's sorry.
I've been... a terrible mother.
It's just...
you didn't turn out at all
like I expected.
Mom...
And...
thank God for that.
Because you are so much better.
(exhales):
The way you have raised Silver.
I don't know how you learned
how to be such a good mother.
(laughs):
But you are.
You're such an amazing
person, Kelly.
You are so beautiful...
strong...
and caring.
(sniffles)
I'm so proud of you.
And I am so sorry...
(crying)
...for everything that happened.
I forgive you.
(crying)
(whispers):
Thank you...
(sniffles)
...for coming.
I've been so tired,
but I knew that I just had
to hang on till you got here.
I love you, Kelly.
(sighs)
Hey.
Hi.
Did you get all
that crap unpacked?
(laughs):
I wasn't much help.
What are you doing here?
Well, I, uh...
I heard that you
apologized to Richard.
And I have to say,
I'm... I'm impressed.
Well, you were right.
I needed to be honest with him.
Oh, come on, you made a mistake.
So what? So did I, you know?
I... I totally overreacted,
and I shouldn't
have gotten so upset.
But you did the
right thing.
And once I heard that,
you know, it was hard for me
to stay mad at the girl
I'm falling for.
And I am,
Naomi.
I'm falling for you.
I need to be honest
with you, too.
It was my dream
to meet someone like you.
But the truth is...
I'm still hung up
on someone else.
Someone I thought I was over.
I hope he's worth it.
You know, that mahi mahi wasn't
half bad, Annie.
Jasper...
When can I come back
and try the chicken tarragon?
Look, they said that
I can't see you anymore.
Jasper?
I'm here.
I mean,
they still believe Navid.
Otherwise, I know that
they would have loved you,
I know that, but...
Look, just calm down, Annie.
There's no point
in getting mad at anyone.
It's not gonna help anything.
What's done is done, right?
Yeah, but what
are we gonna do?
We'll figure something out,
okay? I promise.
Okay.
Yeah, we'll figure
something out.
Yeah.
Hey.
I know I should've called
first, but your mom let me in.
Hey.
I had the perfect guy, Ade.
He went to my
dream school,
he plays football,
he's SAE.
What is wrong with me?
Would you mind
shutting the door?
Oh, yeah, sure.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
So, what happened with Jamie?
What's in your purse?
Stop it! Stop!
Give it to me.
It's private.
Are you kidding me?
You lied to me again?
I'm... I'm sorry.
Are you ever gonna stop this?
You know what?
Do what you want.
I'm over it.
(crickets chirping)
(car door closes)
How long have
you been out here?
Since the rain stopped.
And, uh, how did you start
a fire?
(sighs)
The Style section.
Hmm. (chuckles)
Look, I'm sorry
that I forced you
to go all those... parties.
No, I mean, you know,
how would you know I hated them?
I wasn't honest.
Well, we're in a relationship.
I wouldn't expect you
to be honest.
You don't really mean that.
Come on, Ryan.
I know the cliché.
Tell each other
everything,
no secrets, blah-blah-blah.
But in the real world...
it doesn't work.
Jen, come on. That's...
Honest.
No, it's sad.
I mean, if you really
believe that...
Of course I do.
I mean,
you say that you want
to know everything,
but you really don't.
I do.
Jen... I really like you.
It's my point.
And there's nothing
you could tell me--
short of a Charles Manson
streak--
that would make me
like you less.
I'm broke and living off Naomi.
So?
What do you mean, "so"?
It's not like
I'm dating you for your money.
I mean,
if anything,
I'm dating you
despite your money.
How'd you lose it?
I blew it
trying to land my husband.
(chuckles)
Your-your husband?
Well, I'm getting a divorce,
but yes, he is technically
still my husband.
(chuckles)
Okay, that's, um...
Why-why didn't
you tell me that?
(voice breaking):
Because then you would
ask me why
the relationship ended.
And...?
He cheated on me.
Sorry.
There you go.
Whatever.
It happens.
No, it doesn't happen.
I mean,
it shouldn't happen.
(sighs)
Look, I, for one,
would never cheat on you.
Honestly?
Honestly.
(soft exhale)
(sighs)
I got it.
I know what to do.
I know how exactly
what we're gonna do
to take down
Naomi's sister.
GIRL:
Somebody help!
(anxious murmuring)